---
layout: default
img: skid.jpg
<!-- category: Services -->
category: blog_ics
title: How I got started in the Oilfield
description: |
---

I was raised in Natchez, MS. I signed up for Electronics Technology at the local Community College, [Co-Lin Community College](http://www.colin.edu/){:target="_blank"}. But I was 1 of 2 who signed up for this. I thought it would be great to work on TVs and VCRs and such for a living. But since only 2 of us signed up, the Dept Head called me in and discussed signing up for Instrumentation and Electronics instead since they wouldn't be teaching the other course. So I did and glad for it. Who knew your electronics were going to get dated so fast and become mostly disposable now. Before school completed I landed an interview with TEST Inc in Lafayette, LA and was offered a job. The only job offer at home was as a Xerox technician. Both paid the same, but the job market at home wasn't going to get better. After graduating from college in Dec 1997 I moved to Louisiana to start a career in the Oilfield.

I started out doing basic I&E construction, hanging brackets, running tray, bending tubing, pulling wire etc. We built small skids to large vessels. We built platforms on the ship yards and sent them out. I did a lot of construction on Chevron's Genesis Spar on McDermott's yard in New Iberia, LA. I then went offshore for the first time to help commission it. I was hooked then, I enjoyed the work. And work continued, construct, commission, and service. I was always working on something new and got to see a lot of new places. As I did service jobs offshore I thought it must be terrible to work a steady Maintenance Job on a rotation 7 or 14 days at work and them 7 to 14 days off, you worked the same place all the time. But then i had to fill in for someone for a few rotations and got the time off. I saw the attraction then, almost half the year off. I soon parted ways with TEST for a Maintenance Job contracting for Shell. Shell staffed up for Y2K because nobody was certain exactly how smooth that would go. Shortly after Y2K Shell turned that field over to a single contractor. My company didn't win the bid and work got slow. I ended up going to work for Omega Natchiq after that and did Maintenance and Construction until I landed in the Grand Isle field in a Maintenance roll again.