---
layout: default
img: marlin.jpg
<!-- category: Services -->
category: blog_ics
title: Life at Marlin
description: |
---

I work on BP's Marlin TLP in Viosca Knoll 915 from 2002 to 2010. I started off there as a contractor with Kellogg Brown & Root filling an Instrument Tech roll. After 2 years I was then hired on directly as an Instrument Tech 1. A year or so later they created the Automation Specialist roll there to which I was appointed. I remained in that roll until taking a position in Angola.

Projects I helped to complete include:

* SCADA Upgrades from Honeywell Scan 3000 to Plantscape, then to Experion.
* PLC upgrades. Took all AB 5/80C PLCs and upgraded the internal chips with firmware upgrades.
* Properly reinstalled ControlNet system for Process Control System.
* Installed and Commissioned [King Subsea Pump System](http://www.offshore-mag.com/articles/print/volume-68/issue-12/top-five-projects/bp-sets-new-subsea-multiphase-pumping-records-at-king.html){:target="_blank"}.
 Project included:

   * A CLX Controller for Electrical Loadshed.
   * Redundant CLX Controllers for Process Control and Safety.
   * A Stratus Fault Tolerant Server with Kvaerner HMI.
   * A new MCC with stepup XFMRs and Kvaerner Control System.
   * Updates to existing Control System to include New system.
* Installed electric Fuel Gas Heater.
* Installed Seal Gas Conditioning Skid.
* Installed upgraded Gas Allocation PLC system.
* Installed 2nd Nitrogen Generator for Compressor Seals.
* Converted Flare Gas Meters to serial instead of analog.
* Installed Control System Firewalls.
* Upgraded Operator Console stations.
* Commissioned Multiple new SubSea Wells.