---
layout: default
img: mustang.jpg
<!-- category: Services -->
category: blog1
title: Why did I call this Mid Life Crisis?
description: |
---
I'm months away from turning 40 and it didn't seem to take very long to get here. So what does the normal person do when they are about to turn 40? I'm not sure but I thought I had a good plan.

I thought it would be a good time to make a career tweak, how about software development, that's close to what I've been doing and it looks like something I would like. And I've been driving a truck since I got my drivers license, what about a sports car instead. That sounds cool, let's resign, go back to school, and trade our truck in on a Mustang. That sounds like an excellent plan. Well I signed up for Nashville Software School and got accepted, check one. Resigned from work and started school, check two. Schools started now lets find that car. I see the perfect one on the web, just need a few days off to go get it. Wait, what's that you say, pregnant? That wasn't part of the plan. Aw man, I didn't get the car yet. Well that's cool, kinda hard to fit four people in a Mustang so scratch that idea. Wait, when we bought this house we didn't account for another kid. Hmmm, let's refactor. How about I go back offshore sooner that expected and act like this plan didn't just go rogue.

Our Boy is 9, half way out of my house and I had a dream of retiring at a decent age. Guess we'll go back to the starting line and start this race again. I would have been bored retiring at a respectable age anyway. Luckily I enjoyed what I did Offshore I had just burned out working for the last group. But don't worry, I'm still working on a plan for that sports car.